##Source Code

The CsQuery source is C# targeting .NET4. There are no dependencies. 

Please see the main [readme](https://github.com/jamietre/CsQuery/blob/master/README.md) for usage information. This document is mostly a change log.


### Change Log

Version 1.1.3:

- [Issue #18](https://github.com/jamietre/CsQuery/issues/18) - class & style not being indexed as an attribute
- [Pull Request #17:](https://github.com/jamietre/CsQuery/pull/17) Feature: API to add custom filter selectors
- Refactored most pseudoclass selectors into modules using new API
- Some performance improvements to selection engine achieved by "lazy-sorting" selection set results and better caching of root document access

Version 1.1.2.2:

- [Issue #16](https://github.com/jamietre/CsQuery/issues/16) causing HTML to parse incorrectly where the tag name and the first attribute were separated by new lines
- [Issue #15](https://github.com/jamietre/CsQuery/issues/15) crashing when using ":hidden" pseudoselector on an input element with no "type" attribute
- Fix for return values of `InsertAfter(sequence)` and `InsertBefore(sequence)`; was returning the original object, should have been returning the elements that were inserted. No issue for this bug, discovered during testing.
- Added `EachUntil` methods to implement the jQuery "each" method's functionality where a "false" return value causes the looping to end
- Added complete XML documentation for most common objects and interfaces: CQ, IDomDocument, IDomElement, IDomObject, some others, including links to related documentation from jQuery and Mozilla.
- Reorganization of CQ object properties and methods into more files to make it easier to work with


Version 1.1.2.1:

- Added XML docs to NuGet distribution.

Version 1.1.2:

See [complete release notes for version 1.1.2 on blog.outsharked.com](http://blog.outsharked.com/2012/06/csquery-112-released.html)

- Updates to the HTML parser to conform with HTML5 optional opening & closing tag rules. This greatly improves compatibility between the final HTML generated by CsQuery, and the DOM produced by web browsers. 
- It also includes a number of bug fixes and enhancements (see formal release notes)

Version 1.1.1:

All tests from jQuery Sizzle project have been migrated; some bugs in complex selectors were revealed during this exercise. All known bugs have been fixed and all tests pass with one exception: leading operators (+ and -) are not allowed in formula CSS selectors. For example, `:nth-child(+2n+1)` will fail, but `:nth-child(2n+1)` will work. This is legal CSS but also a low priority as it is an edge case.

This release added the `:input` jQuery pseudoclass selector which I had overlooked before. The CSS engine was refactored a bit and should perform better too.

Version 1.1.0:

See [release notes for version 1.1 on blog.outsharked.com](http://blog.outsharked.com/2012/06/csquery-11-released-and-available-on.html)